What does SMB stand for?    
  server message block
What type of protocol is SMB?    
  response-request
What do clients connect to servers using?    
  tcp/ip
What systems does Samba run on?
  unix
  
Conduct an nmap scan of your choosing, How many ports are open?
  3

What ports is SMB running on?
 139/445

Let's get started with Enum4Linux, conduct a full basic enumeration. For starters, what is the workgroup name?    
  WORKGROUP

What comes up as the name of the machine?        
  POLOSMB

What comes up as the name of the machine?        
  6.1
  
What share sticks out as something we might want to investigate?    
  profiles
  
What would be the correct syntax to access an SMB share called "secret" as user "suit" on a machine with the IP 10.10.10.2 on the default port?
  smbclient //10.10.10.2/secret -U suit
Does the share allow anonymous access? Y/N? 
  y
Great! Have a look around for any interesting documents that could contain valuable information. Who can we assume this profile folder belongs to? 
  smbclient //10.10.10.2/secret -U suit
What service has been configured to allow him to work from home?
  ssh
Okay! Now we know this, what directory on the share should we look in?
  .ssh
This directory contains authentication keys that allow a user to authenticate themselves on, and then access, a server. Which of these keys is most useful to us?
  id_rsa
What is the smb.txt flag?
 THM{smb_is_fun_eh?}
 
What is Telnet?    
  application protocol
What has slowly replaced Telnet?    
  ssh
How would you connect to a Telnet server with the IP 10.10.10.3 on port 23?
  telnet 10.10.10.3 23
The lack of what, means that all Telnet communication is in plaintext?
  encryption
  
How many ports are open on the target machine?    
  1
What port is this?
  8012
This port is unassigned, but still lists the protocol it's using, what protocol is this?      
  tcp
Now re-run the nmap scan, without the -p- tag, how many ports show up as open?
  0
Based on the title returned to us, what do we think this port could be used for?
  a backdoor 
Who could it belong to? Gathering possible usernames is an important step in enumeration.
  skidy
  
Great! It's an open telnet connection! What welcome message do we receive? 
  SKIDY'S BACKDOOR

Let's try executing some commands, do we get a return on any input we enter into the telnet session? (Y/N)
  n

Now, use the command "ping [local THM ip] -c 1" through the telnet session to see if we're able to execute system commands. Do we receive any pings? Note, you need to preface this with .RUN (Y/N)
  y
What word does the generated payload start with?
  mkfifo

What would the command look like for the listening port we selected in our payload?
  nc -lvp 4444

Success! What is the contents of flag.txt?
  THM{y0u_g0t_th3_t3ln3t_fl4g}
  

What communications model does FTP use?
  client-server
  
What's the standard FTP port?
  21
How many modes of FTP connection are there?    
  2

How many ports are open on the target machine?  
  2
What port is ftp running on?
  21


What variant of FTP is running on it?  
  vsftpd
What is the name of the file in the anonymous FTP directory?
  PUBLIC_NOTICE.txt

What do we think a possible username could be?
  Mike
